Add terminus v8 migration guide (#2019)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/migration.md

The `HttpModule` exported from the `@nestjs/common` package has been deprecated and will be removed in the next major release.
Instead, please use the `@nestjs/axios` package (otherwise, there are no API differences).

#### Terminus

##### HttpHealthIndicator

> `HttpHealthIndicator` requires `@nestjs/axios` to be installed as well as `HttpModule` to be imported. (otherwise, there are no API differences)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HttpHealthIndicator` requires `@nestjs/axios` to be installed as well as `HttpModule` to be imported. Otherwise, there are no API differences.
```

##### TerminusModule.forRoot{Async}

> The deprecated `TerminusModule.forRoot{Async)` has been removed. In order to upgrade, check out the [Terminus v7.x.x upgrade guide](https://docs.nestjs.com/v7/migration-guide#terminus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated `TerminusModule.forRootAsync` has been removed. To migrate, check out the `@nestjs/terminus` v7.x.x [upgrade guide](https://docs.nestjs.com/v7/migration-guide#terminus)
```
